docs:  focus homepage on discussing what Substrait is (#538)
substrait-io/substrait: site/docs/about.md

---
title: About Substrait
---
# Substrait: Cross-Language Serialization for Relational Algebra

## Project Vision

> Create a well-defined, cross-language [specification](spec/specification) for data compute operations. This includes a declaration of common operations, custom operations and one or more serialized representations of this specification. The spec focuses on the semantics of each operation and a consistent way to describe.

Reviewer: I think this is clearer:
```suggestion
The Substrait project aims to create a well-defined, cross-language [specification](spec/specification) for data compute operations. The specification declares a set of common operations, defines their semantics, and describes their behavior unambiguously. The project also defines extension points and serialized representations of the specification.
```
